In this lesson, we covered the importance of
the right identity in access management strategy in the cloud.
The foundation of provisioning, managing,
and accessing cloud resources starts with identity and access management
and the ability to control access to the AWS APIs or the AWS Console.
We covered the criticality of reducing the use of
IAM users and API keys by instead leveraging
roles which allow you to provide access to
applications and users without providing permanent API keys.
We also emphasized using identity federation to
improve security of AWS environments by ensuring
that user and role management is moved to
an organizational level and outside of the AWS environment.
Lastly, we looked at least privilege access,
an important yet often overlooked safeguard for ensuring that
compromise credentials lead to the least possible consequences.
I highly advise you to look at your current AWS usage and start
implementing IAM best practices right away as oftentimes,
they're an easy fix with the least impact on architecture in applications.
Become familiar with AWS documentation around IAM,
especially the best practices section.
Look into advanced concepts such as attribute-based access controls,
or using the access analyzer.
See you in the next lesson.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6